#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.9
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile requirements.in
#
aiohttp==3.9.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   fsspec
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via aiohttp
anyio==4.2.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.4
    # via jupyterlab
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.14.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.12.2
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.1.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2023.11.17
    # via requests
cffi==1.16.0
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.3.2
    # via requests
comm==0.2.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
contourpy==1.2.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.12.1
    # via matplotlib
datasets==2.16.1
    # via evaluate
debugpy==1.8.0
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.1.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
dill==0.3.7
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   multiprocess
evaluate==0.4.1
    # via -r requirements.in
exceptiongroup==1.2.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   ipython
executing==2.0.1
    # via stack-data
fastjsonschema==2.19.1
    # via nbformat
filelock==3.13.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
    #   transformers
    #   triton
fonttools==4.47.2
    # via matplotlib
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
fsspec[http]==2023.10.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   torch
huggingface-hub==0.20.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   tokenizers
    #   transformers
idna==3.6
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==7.0.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
importlib-resources==6.1.1
    # via matplotlib
ipykernel==6.28.0
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==8.18.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipywidgets
ipywidgets==8.1.1
    # via -r requirements.in
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.1
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
    #   torch
joblib==1.3.2
    # via scikit-learn
json5==0.9.14
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpointer==2.4
    # via jsonschema
jsonschema[format-nongpl]==4.20.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2023.12.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.1
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.9.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.1
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.12.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.1
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.0.10
    # via -r requirements.in
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.25.2
    # via jupyterlab
jupyterlab-widgets==3.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
kiwisolver==1.4.5
    # via matplotlib
markupsafe==2.1.3
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
matplotlib==3.8.2
    # via seaborn
matplotlib-inline==0.1.6
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mistune==3.0.2
    # via nbconvert
mpmath==1.3.0
    # via sympy
multidict==6.0.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
multiprocess==0.70.15
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
nbclient==0.9.0
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.14.1
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.9.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.5.9
    # via ipykernel
networkx==3.2.1
    # via torch
notebook-shim==0.2.3
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==1.26.3
    # via
    #   contourpy
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
    #   pyarrow
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   transformers
nvidia-cublas-cu12==12.1.3.1
    # via
    #   nvidia-cudnn-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
nvidia-cudnn-cu12==8.9.2.26
    # via torch
nvidia-cufft-cu12==11.0.2.54
    # via torch
nvidia-curand-cu12==10.3.2.106
    # via torch
nvidia-cusolver-cu12==11.4.5.107
    # via torch
nvidia-cusparse-cu12==12.1.0.106
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   torch
nvidia-nccl-cu12==2.18.1
    # via torch
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12==12.3.101
    # via
    #   nvidia-cusolver-cu12
    #   nvidia-cusparse-cu12
nvidia-nvtx-cu12==12.1.105
    # via torch
overrides==7.4.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==23.2
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   matplotlib
    #   nbconvert
    #   transformers
pandas==2.1.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements.in
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   seaborn
pandocfilters==1.5.0
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.3
    # via jedi
pexpect==4.9.0
    # via ipython
pillow==10.2.0
    # via matplotlib
platformdirs==4.1.0
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.19.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.43
    # via ipython
psutil==5.9.7
    # via ipykernel
ptyprocess==0.7.0
    # via
    #   pexpect
    #   terminado
pure-eval==0.2.2
    # via stack-data
pyarrow==14.0.2
    # via datasets
pyarrow-hotfix==0.6
    # via datasets
pycparser==2.21
    # via cffi
pygments==2.17.2
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   nbconvert
pyparsing==3.1.1
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
python-json-logger==2.0.7
    # via jupyter-events
pytz==2023.3.post1
    # via pandas
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyter-events
    #   transformers
pyzmq==25.1.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.32.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2023.12.25
    # via transformers
requests==2.31.0
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   fsspec
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   responses
    #   transformers
responses==0.18.0
    # via evaluate
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rpds-py==0.17.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
safetensors==0.4.1
    # via transformers
scikit-learn==1.3.2
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.11.4
    # via scikit-learn
seaborn==0.13.1
    # via -r requirements.in
send2trash==1.8.2
    # via jupyter-server
sentencepiece==0.1.99
    # via -r requirements.in
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.0
    # via anyio
soupsieve==2.5
    # via beautifulsoup4
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
sympy==1.12
    # via torch
terminado==0.18.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tinycss2==1.2.1
    # via nbconvert
tokenizers==0.15.0
    # via transformers
tomli==2.0.1
    # via jupyterlab
torch==2.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
torcheval==0.0.7
    # via -r requirements.in
tornado==6.4
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.66.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   transformers
traitlets==5.14.1
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   ipywidgets
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
transformers==4.36.2
    # via -r requirements.in
triton==2.1.0
    # via torch
types-python-dateutil==2.8.19.20240106
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.9.0
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   async-lru
    #   huggingface-hub
    #   ipython
    #   torch
    #   torcheval
tzdata==2023.4
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.1.0
    # via
    #   requests
    #   responses
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==1.13
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
widgetsnbextension==4.0.9
    # via ipywidgets
xxhash==3.4.1
    # via
    #   datasets
    #   evaluate
yarl==1.9.4
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.17.0
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
